update broken link for getting started tutorial (#1547)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/building-a-dbt-project/documentation.md

Importantly, dbt also provides a way to add **descriptions** to models, columns, sources, and more, to further enhance your documentation.

:::info Creating documentation for the first time

> If you're new to dbt, we recommend that you check out our [Getting Started Tutorial](building-a-dbt-project/projects#getting-started) to build your first dbt project, complete with documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to dbt, we recommend that you check out our [Getting Started Tutorial](guides/getting-started/getting-set-up) to build your first dbt project, complete with documentation.
```
